OWASP is a non profit
that stands for the Open Web Application Security Project!
OWASP is a community of developers, technologists and evangelists
improving the security of software through:
1. Tools and Resources
OWASP has 100+ active projects
and new project applications are submitted weekly.
Projects are open source
and are built by our community of volunteers
- people just like you!
2. Community and Networking
There are hundreds of local chapters worldwide
and thousands of members.
Meetings are free and open to everyone.
They include:
● Training
● Talks
● And networking opportunities
3. Education & Training
OWASP hosts many events each year.
They are a great way to:
● Improve your skills
● Build your professional network
● And learn about new trends in the industry
One of many ways you can get involved is to become a member!
The membership benefits include:
● Discounts for events and trainings
● Your own OWASP email address
and Google Workplace access
● A vote in our OWASP Global Board elections
And recently OWASP added a brand new member benefit!
Access to hands-on application security training
through the OWASP SecureFlag Open Platform!
Join us and become a member today!